Add example for MAC users (#13040)
grafana/loki: examples/getting-started/MAC_with_podman/README.md

Reviewer: I think the directory should be renamed to `mac-with-podman`.

> # Getting Started on a MAC M-Series (arm64-based)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Get started on a Mac M-Series (ARM-based)
```

> - Install 'brew'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Install 'brew'.
```

Reviewer: I think this should be either _Install Homebrew._ or _Install `brew`._

https://brew.sh/

    ```
    /bin/bash -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Homebrew/install/HEAD/install.sh)"

>     ```

Reviewer: I'd be concerned about encouraging this shell execution from the internet in our documentation, I think it's better to link to the Homebrew installation documentation and then let users decide to do that if they want.

> - Install dependencies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Install dependencies.
```

    ```
    brew install podman
    brew install podman-compose
    brew install git
    ```

> - Validate installation and binary paths

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Validate installation and binary paths.
```

    ```
    podman-compose --version
    ```

> - Create a Directory that you will map to the podman machine

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Create a directory that you will map to the podman machine.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a directory to mount into the Podman machine.
```

    ```
    mkdir ~/LOKI
    cd ~/LOKI
    ```

- Copy the following files from this directory to ~/LOKI:

>   * alloy-local-config.yaml
>   * docker-compose.yaml
>   * loki-config.yaml

Reviewer: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/style-conventions/#code

```suggestion
  * `alloy-local-config.yaml`
  * `docker-compose.yaml`
  * `loki-config.yaml`
```

> - Build flog as there is no arm-based image

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Build flog as there is no arm-based image.
```

> - Build flog as there is no arm-based image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Build flog as there is no arm-based image.
```

    ```
    cd ~/Downloads
    git clone https://github.com/mingrammer/flog.git
    cd flog
    podman machine init -v ~/LOKI:/var/home/core/LOKI --memory 4096
    podman machine start
    podman build -t localhost/mingrammer/flog:latest .
    podman image ls
    cd ~/LOKI
    ```

> - Bring the infrastructure up

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bring the infrastructure up.
```

    ```
    podman-compose up -d
    sleep 10 && podman ps
    ```

> - Wait for the indrastructure is up and running and responding with 'ready'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Wait for the infrastructure is up and running and responding with 'ready'.
```

    ```
    $ curl http://localhost:3101/ready
    ready
    $ curl http://localhost:3102/ready
    ready

>     ```

Reviewer: We discourage shell prompts so that each command is copy-pasteable: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/write-for-developers/#command-lines.

I think we should first explain the command to run and then separately the output to expect.

> - Open the portal (http://http://localhost:3000) and run several queries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open the portal (http://localhost:3000) and run several queries:
```
